Correct and expand documentation for the ImageDecoder API. (#16951)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/imagedecoder/istypesupported/index.md

---

> title: ImageDecoder.isTypeSupported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: ImageDecoder.isTypeSupported()
```

slug: Web/API/ImageDecoder/isTypeSupported
page-type: web-api-static-method
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - Reference
  - istypesupported
  - ImageDecoder
browser-compat: api.ImageDecoder.isTypeSupported
---

> {{securecontext_header}}{{DefaultAPISidebar("WebCodecs API")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("WebCodecs API")}}
```

> The **`ImageDecoder.isTypeSupported()`** static method checks if a given [mime type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) can be decoded by the user agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`ImageDecoder.isTypeSupported()`** static method checks if a given [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) can be decoded by the user agent.
```

### Parameters

- `type`

>   - : The [mime type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) to check for decoding support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) to check for decoding support.
```

>   - : A {{domxref("DOMString")}} containing the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) to check for decoding support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string containing the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) to check for decoding support.
```

### Return value

> A {{jsxref("promise")}} that resolves with a {{jsxref("boolean")}} indicating whether images with a format of `type` can be decoded by the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("promise")}} that resolves with a boolean value indicating whether images with a format of `type` can be decoded by the API.
```
